1. grab their feet and try to invert them all they way to turtle. play top turtle.
2. they didn't let you invert them all the way? shin over near leg, crossface place underhook far leg for cradle.
  -let the shin leg control pop out, then let go of the cradle for top side control
3. couldn't really invert them but they are on their back and playing a weak butterfly?
  -place one hand on their inner leg, other on the knee (same leg) and plant it to the ground
  -go to top N/S
4. couldn't really invert them but they are on their back and playing a strong butterfly?
  -forearm in on leg inner hip area, other hand plants down their other knee, then shin traps the bottom leg
  1) rack that leg over my other leg. he doesn't react, straight ankle
  2) they knocks me over to turtle? just keep weight into that leg still and bump him back over
  3) they knock me over for a mount? double butterfly underhook the stapled leg and go for the back
  4) I secure an underhook? knee slice pass (standard goto, but no this isn't the only option)
  5) I can't secure an overhook? headlock and backstep pass
5. couldn't invert them at all.  they just planted their feet into the ground.
  1) shallow knee slice to the right. shallow as in over the ankle.
    1) if they don't react, post right hand behind their near hip / foot and tackle them for SC
    2) if they ball up to play buttom butterfly whilst on their side
      1) right hand comes over top leg for cradle (left hand over head)
      2) right hand presses down on their bottom leg as I go for top N/S
        -they will likely come to turtle instead of giving top N/S. work front headlock
      3) right hand presses down on their top leg and cartwheels to the other side.
        1) if they don't react, get top SC (well they're on their side) so more like a chairsit
        2) they turtle, play top turtle
        3) they try collecting butterfly guard facing you
          1) try to staple the near leg to the ground for previous N/S attempt or knee slice setup
6. step my left foot behind their left foot from the outside. fall back to reverse kesagatame.
  -to secure, consider going to banana split pass
7. to secure previous step, try using right foot to kick their left foot to the side. with a hard kick, you can try the tackle pass or even their in a bottom sitout. but more likely, you get a nice setup for the rev kesa pass?
  -if they don't budge from the kick, perfect time for rolling kimura pass
  1) if they don't fall back you got top sitout with a kimura, finish as kimura by getting crossbody hook
    1) they defend kimura? boa constrictor (sideways gullotine)
  2) couldn't get crossbody or don't want it. let the kimura be a hammerlock.  hammerlock or rnc finish.
    1) dragon sleeper also works. but try to get back hooks
    2) for rnc, cant keep crab
      1) or push their head into their groin and finish
        1) no finish? great way to get back hooks if they push back into me
      2) or bring their head to the ground as if going for top N/S but really push their head into their chest and finish
      3) or no arm triangle
   3) if they fall back but don't get up, come up to top SC
     1) finish standard danaher style
     2) finish by walking the kimura up the back "still rolling" style
     3) if you crucifix the other arm, can go for bicep slicer on that arm
     4) pull them up to their side for kimura or americana switch
     5) they're grabing their hand in the kimura?
       1) baratoplata
       2) tarikoplata
       3) bicep slicer
       4) scissor leg choke
         5) they start defeding the scissor leg choke?
           1) ryan hall super kimura
           2) get a triangle
             1) finish other arm as kimura or americana
           2) arm bar
           3) belly down kimura
             1) works even if they try to get up
    4) they try to get up on top and their grabbing their own hand, get backarm bar
    3) belly down kimura
      1) works even if they try to get 4) they try to get up on top and their grabbing their own haarm bar
      3) belly down kimura
        1) works even if they try to get up4) they try to get up on top and their grabbing their own haarm bar
        3) belly down kimura
          1) works even if they try to get up
   4) they try to get up on top and their grabbing their own hand, get back take

