1. grab their feet and try to invert them all they way to turtle. play top turtle.
2. they didn't let you invert them all the way? shin over near leg, crossface place underhook far leg for cradle.
  -let the shin leg control pop out, then let go of the cradle for top side control
3. couldn't really invert them but they are on their back and playing a weak butterfly?
  -place one hand on their inner leg, other on the knee (same leg) and plant it to the ground
  -go to top N/S
4. couldn't really invert them but they are on their back and playing a strong butterfly?
  -forearm in on leg inner hip area, other hand plants down their other knee, then shin traps the bottom leg
  1) rack that leg over my other leg. he doesn't react, straight ankle
  2) they knocks me over to turtle? just keep weight into that leg still and bump him back over
  3) they knock me over for a mount? double butterfly underhook the stapled leg and go for the back
  4) I secure an underhook? knee slice pass (standard goto, but no this isn't the only option)
  5) I can't secure an overhook? headlock and backstep pass
5. couldn't invert them at all.  they just planted their feet into the ground.
  1) shallow knee slice to the right. shallow as in over the ankle.
    1) if they don't react, post right hand behind their near hip / foot and tackle them for SC
    2) if they ball up to play buttom butterfly whilst on their side
      1) right hand comes over top leg for cradle (left hand over head)
      2) right hand presses down on their bottom leg as I go for top N/S
        -they will likely come to turtle instead of giving top N/S. work front headlock
      3) right hand presses down on their top leg and cartwheels to the other side.
        1) if they don't react, get top SC (well they're on their side) so more like a chairsit
        2) they turtle, play top turtle
        3) they try collecting butterfly guard facing you
          1) try to staple the near leg to the ground for previous N/S attempt or knee slice setup
6. step my left foot behind their left foot from the outside. fall back to reverse kesagatame.
  -to secure, consider going to banana split pass
7. to secure previous step, try using right foot to kick their left foot to the side. with a hard kick, you can try the tackle pass or even their in a bottom sitout. but more likely, you get a nice setup for the rev kesa pass?
  -if they don't budge from the kick, perfect time for rolling kimura pass. k-trap series next video.
8. right hand snaps head down (collar tie style), left hand goes for their right wrist or foot. carwheel pass.
  1) if they don't react, top sitout
  2) if they fall back, top n/s
9. muay thai plum
  1) if I can crunch his down real low, front head lock
    1) rnc gullotine or cement mixer
  2) if hes falling back before I can crunch his head down
    -butterfly mount to mount
