7. to secure previous step, try using right foot to kick their left foot to the side. with a hard kick, you can try the tackle pass or even their in a bottom sitout. but more likely, you get a nice setup for the rev kesa pass?
  -if they don't budge from the kick, perfect time for rolling kimura pass
  1) if they don't fall back you got top sitout with a kimura, finish as kimura by getting crossbody hook
    1) they defend kimura? boa constrictor (sideways gullotine)
  2) couldn't get crossbody or don't want it. let the kimura be a hammerlock.  hammerlock or rnc finish.
    1) dragon sleeper also works. but try to get back hooks
    2) for rnc, cant keep crab
      1) or push their head into their groin and finish
        1) no finish? great way to get back hooks if they push back into me
      2) or bring their head to the ground as if going for top N/S but really push their head into their chest and finish
      3) or no arm triangle
   3) if they fall back but don't get up, come up to top SC
     1) finish standard danaher style
     2) finish by walking the kimura up the back "still rolling" style
     3) if you crucifix the other arm, can go for bicep slicer on that arm
     4) pull them up to their side for kimura or americana switch
     5) they're grabing their hand in the kimura?
       1) baratoplata
       2) tarikoplata
       3) bicep slicer
       4) scissor leg choke
         5) they start defeding the scissor leg choke?
           1) ryan hall super kimura
           2) get a triangle
             1) finish other arm as kimura or americana
           2) arm bar
           3) belly down kimura
             1) works even if they try to get up
    4) they try to get up on top and their grabbing their own hand, get backarm bar
    3) belly down kimura
      1) works even if they try to get 4) they try to get up on top and their grabbing their own haarm bar
      3) belly down kimura
        1) works even if they try to get up4) they try to get up on top and their grabbing their own haarm bar
        3) belly down kimura
          1) works even if they try to get up
   4) they try to get up on top and their grabbing their own hand, get back take
