1) Press his elbow/wrist into his body and stand up.
  -Can try to pass with this grip
2) Can't get his arm pinned? Works with hands on the hips but pass open guard now.
3) Hands in the arm pits, stand up, violator, to knee slice (plant slicing knee over their bottom leg, hand in hip denies knee shield, other hand plants their knee down until my knee can cover their thigh)
  1) rack that leg over my other leg. he doesn't react, straight ankle
  2) they knocks me over to turtle? just keep weight into that leg still and bump him back over
  3) they knock me over for a mount? Straight ankle
  4) I secure an underhook? knee slice pass (standard goto, but no this isn't the only option)
  5) I can't secure an overhook? headlock and backstep pass
  6) they're coming up as I go for backstep, gullotine. 
    1) sub
    2) they'll likely fall over, try to get a mounted gullotine
  7) instead of racking their leg over my non slicing leg, try to staple both knees over their bottom thigh
    1) gives option to donkey kick slicing knee out and behind them so I'm in a leg drag
      -donkey kick the next leg out and behind them for top SC, they're on their side
    2) they kick me over to my back to try and mount or SC.
      -double butterfly underhook the stapled leg, bring their leg over, and go for the back
4) sau paulo. left hand on their right armpit / bicep.  right hand on their left hip. drop to my left hip over their right thigh, chest facing them.
  1) if they keep their legs together, straight ankle
  2) if they open their legs or you can open their legs, step over for top half
  3) or insert other leg into so their bottom leg is stapled by both my legs and work previous strat
5) can also do sau paulo with hand behind their back. aka hammerlock pass.
6) my weight is backwards, double unders to stack pass (get him to his side)
  7) they turtle? reverse gut wrench to crossbody/truck with cradle
    1) can work back take
    2) let go of cradle for banana split
    3) come up to mount my replacing cradle with mount leg over his torso (knee inserts)
    4) let go of crossbody hook for SC
