he's standing upright
  -post on his shoulders, drop ankle snatch post on hip
  1) he falls over
    -if he doesn't react in time
    0) if I lost the ankle he's open guard now, depends on his reaction
    1) can pull on ankle and front roll over to top N/S
    2) cartwheel pass
    3) smash pass
    4) banasplit pass
      1) sub
      2) windshield wiper
      3) hip heist
      4) butterfly mount
    -he plays bottom turtle
    1) jump to top crab and use episode 1's top turtle
  2) he doesn't fall over
    1) switch to outside single, cradle style, to rnc/ back take
    2) or get to back bodylock
      -for top turtle (usually)
      1) front trip
      2) side trip by placing knee outside his knee
      3) side trip using heel on the side of his ankle
      4) back step trip
      -for sitout
      5) pull him into my lap for sitout
      6) pull with circule motion
      7) jump and crab his knee wenices for top sitout
      -switch to spiral ride for top turtle
      -work on hook into a deep grapevine
      1) go to banasplit
      2) or powerhalf
        1) look for hammerlock on no hook side
        2) or shoulder americana lock if he lets his arm raise up
      3) work other hook in, preferably making him fall down

post and blast double (head in sternum) as he moves in
  0) finish with smash or front roll
  1) couldn't complete? its an entry for getting to a side ankle bulde
  2) couldn't ankle bundle? get back body lock

want to inside clinch?
  1) both collars and bully / keep sweeping
    -bump him up for blast double
    -he defends? previous sequence.
  2) with single underhook, try to clamp on it and bring his posture down
    3) force him to front roll and get top n/s
    4) "spike" him (force him to hand post or break fall), pinky elbow
    5) grab the far ankle
  2.5) if he stays upright, pull him into you and trip the near leg
    -trip the far leg
  3) look for double unders, lateral drop
  4) deep overhook, fall on that arm
  
he's got a low posture, wrestling style
  1) collar tie with tricep or wrist,
    2) circuluar back drop for top turtle front head lock, watch ep1
      1) he doesn't fall all the way down but low enough to reach for an ankle pick
        -finish like the ankle snatch
      2) low enough to reach for a knee with wenice
        3) finish like a double leg, head in his armpits / ribs
          -mma drive him to the wall. but this is not mma, so dont be dumb.
          -run him in a circle
      3) not low enough to reach for knee or ankle
        -pull him past my collar side to open a double leg
        -finish like previous (roll or smash)
        -he sprawls?
        4) go behind for back body lock
        5) he sprawled but with too much distance?
          -ankle bundle
          -even more distance?
            -outside single to back of knee cap to ankle bundle
              -or bodylock
